Grom! Comes a call from deep within the Barracks. You stir but are confused, it hasn’t been a week since your last shift in the shallows. Still you daren’t wait for a second summons. You grab your handaxe and yesterday’s clothes and present yourself before the sergeant. A sinister smile graces his curved lips and small tusks. Sargeant Grumsh never did like you. Grom -“shallows distribution” he cries and claps you across the head for good measure. The ringing in your head subsides and you make your way to the district to the south. The Paupers, ne’er do wells and the remnants of elven society isn’t so bad. It’s just boring as hell. To be truthful there isn’t that much to distribute these days. There is a pecking order in Hammerfall and the elves ain’t on the scale. By the time provisions end up here they been passed over by the rats. T’isnt so bad. You console yourself, and report to Grumsh, tardy but in decent order. He walks you down from the mercantile district through the patched gates, by the gaping tomb, past a dozen slum houses and finally towards the distribution centre. It’s a fancy name but it basically boils down to an ork, a small ramshackle hut and a sack of “provisions”. The elves approach to get their distribution of rations. Everyone of them has a tale of woe to tell but you have heard them before and it falls on deaf ears. You understand their futility but it doesn’t matter, what could a single ork do to change the minds of the Pact. A hopeless endeavour. So you do your job. You throw rotten bread and stinking fish to a crowd of starving elves like it was gold at the table of the Allfather but soon the well runs dry. A couple of folk need a cudgel to the head but mostly it is a simple job. You retire back to the mercantile quarter, job done. Today they survive, sure some don’t but this is their lot for opposing the Pact…nobody really wants them here. The sooner they realise that and throw themselves into the tomb of their elven forebears the better.